action stations
aiyo sir sound the general rule of the
Chinese pilot insists inside their
territorial waters and he will fire an
act of violence
it was an unprovoked attack on a ship in
international waters the promise of war
an instead of decisive action all you
want to do is e my goal is to prevent
World War ii-era
now the world has only one chance for
peace
when will o ships be in position
forty-eight hours and just one man for
the job
bond James Bond
how much do you know about Elliot Carver
that music worldwide media about those
newspapers radio satellite TV there's no
news
like bad now I understand you once had a
relationship with Carver's run was it
something I said
how about the words I'll be right back
I'm from the new China News Agency will
be for a news story taken care of
that may have begin your new BMW
you need collision coverage yes
property destruction death personal
injury accidents do happen
hello double-oh-seven
send us about the Sutton attachment I
get to work with a decadent agent of a
corrupt Western power I think you've
found the right decadent corrupt Western
agent as a partner phase two is underway
place holidays
ahem is he doing his job the world
when you remove mr. bonds heart it
should just be enough time for him to
watch it stop BTW I would have thought
watching your TV shows was torture
enough